we were here on a secret investigation into the truth.
Or so our cover story went.
In fact, we'd infiltrated this cafe a good ways from school just for the heck of it.
Wow, what a man!
Welcome! Ah, always good to see you,
Harada-san and Itou-san.
How's it going, Yuuma-chan?
We come here more for you than for the coffee!
Now, don't say that. Wouldn't want the owner to get sulky.
So, a mocha for you, Harada-san, and a double espresso for you, Itou-san?
Our manager's special today is a nice chiffon cake.
Ooh! We'll take two.
Thank you very much.
Our leader really is a man among men.
I could kill him.
You're sure making that one cup of tea last a while.
And why shouldn't we? We are keeping your job secret, you know.
I get it. A shakedown, eh?
If you'll take a second steep, this round's on me.
What a man!
Carrying all that at once?
Don't tell me your mother's feeling poorly again?
Yes, well...
It's just me and Mom, so I have to help out with the money.
What a man!
Being poor is his only weakness.
And he even turns that into a cool-guy advantage!
He wears his bargain-basement clothes so neat and clean that they don't look cheap at all.
What a man!
He let me eat some of the goldfish he caught at the summer festival.
And boy, can he cook a mean goldfish!
What a man!
And after he used the bathroom?
He left the toilet paper folded into a triangle!
What a man!
Hey, I fold toilet paper too!
Into a triangle!
Gross!!
Just look at him. Perfect biddy bait!
What a man!
Oh, Nagisa-chan!
Uh, middle-aged women in my neighborhood dote on me, too.
Like a widdle animal!
Shape up!
He's still getting love letters from girls on the main campus.
What a man!
Well... so am I.
Please accept it!
Forbidden love!
Forbidden love... Forbidden love...
Some things only suit cool guys like Isogai-kun... or me.
What a m—
What are you doing here?!
The honey toast here is divine!
It's why I turn a blind eye to Isogai-kun's part-time job.
You don't seem to be too upset about his being such a man among men.
Huh? Well, no.
Why is that?
Why?
Well, because he's a good guy. That's all.
Uh-huh!
Do we need another reason?
Welcome!
Oh? Oh, dear!
Our intel was right. There is a student working here!
Isogai-kun, you naughty boy!
This is your second major violation of the school rules.
I expected better of you,
Isogai-kun.
Asano-kun! This couldn't have turned out worse.
m -481 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -515 36
You're all I think about You're all I think about
m -10 -36 l 636 -36 602 36 -10 36
kimi no koto bakari omotteru
m -843 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -877 36
I'm starting to lose sight of everything else
m -10 -36 l 651 -36 617 36 -10 36
hoka no koto mienaku natteru
m -695 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -729 36
I'll win your heart for sure, I swear
m -10 -36 l 767 -36 733 36 -10 36
kanarazu sono haato itomeru chikau
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
The stuff they say about me? That's ancient history
m -10 -36 l 618 -36 584 36 -10 36
iketenai no wa furui hanashi
m -625 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -659 36
I've spared no effort since then
m -10 -36 l 745 -36 711 36 -10 36
oshimanu doryoku wo shitan da shi
m -993 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1027 36
And overcome all the challenges that came my way
m -10 -36 l 749 -36 715 36 -10 36
muchaburi mo kuria shite kita hazu
m -483 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -517 36
I can do it, I know I can I can do it, I know I can
m -10 -36 l 457 -36 423 36 -10 36
ikeru jishin michiru ikeru jishin michiru
m -858 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -892 36
But just when I'm about to get carried away
m -10 -36 l 506 -36 472 36 -10 36
choushizuita sono toki choushizuita sono toki
m -780 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -814 36
I get knocked down like this every time
m -10 -36 l 975 -36 941 36 -10 36
itsu datte kou yatte tsukiotosarete shimau no sa
m -722 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -756 36
Your scathing, serious voice cuts me
m -10 -36 l 1053 -36 1019 36 -10 36
shinratsu de shiriasu na kimi no koe ga sasatte kuru
m -1195 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1229 36
Thousands, tens of thousand of times I've given form to my feelings
m -10 -36 l 1111 -36 1077 36 -10 36
nanzenkai nanmankai boku no kimochi katachi ni shite
m -1152 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -1186 36
I've driven them, thrown them in, but all you do is run away
m -10 -36 l 1069 -36 1035 36 -10 36
uchikonde nagekonde dakedo kimi wa nigeteku dake
m -509 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -543 36
Question, question: what Question, question: what
m -10 -36 l 585 -36 551 36 -10 36
question question boku wa question question boku wa
m -574 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -608 36
Question, question: on earth
m -10 -36 l 505 -36 471 36 -10 36
question question ittai question question ittai
m -501 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -535 36
Question, question: did I Question, question: did I
m -10 -36 l 569 -36 535 36 -10 36
question question kimi no question question kimi no
m -614 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -648 36
Ever know about you anyway?
m -10 -36 l 466 -36 432 36 -10 36
nani wo shitte ita no nani wo shitte ita no Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty
Difficulty Difficulty Difficulty Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin Sin
Past Future Future Future Future Future Future Future
Future Future Future Future Future Future Future Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth Truth
Truth Truth Truth Truth Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Death Death
Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death Death
Death Death Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence Innocence
Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion Passion
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -494 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -528 36
Question, question: why Question, question: why
m -10 -36 l 589 -36 555 36 -10 36
question question doushite question question doushite
m -485 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -519 36
Question, question: is it Question, question: is it
m -10 -36 l 575 -36 541 36 -10 36
question question kimi wa question question kimi wa
m -557 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -591 36
Question, question: you are Question, question: you are
m -10 -36 l 592 -36 558 36 -10 36
question question konna ni question question konna ni
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment
Punishment Punishment Punishment
m -587 -36 l 10 -36 10 36 -621 36
So close and yet so far away?
m -10 -36 l 532 -36 498 36 -10 36
chikakute tooi no darou chikakute tooi no darou Life
Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life Life
Life Life
5th Period Isogai Yuuma Leader Time
The last time we caught you working without leave,
you got busted down to the E Class.
It doesn't seem like you've done any soul-searching since then.
Can't you keep this quiet, Asano?
If I can work for just this month, I'll make all the money I need.
Well, I would like to give you a chance, if I can.
When Asano-kun's up to no good,
he's a dead ringer for the principal.
Very well—on one condition.
Show me your fighting spirit, and we'll pretend this never happened.
My fighting spirit?
Per school tradition,
those who possess the spirit to fight out in the real world are revered above all else.
You'll need a fighting spirit that garners enough respect to nullify a conduct violation.
And to show that spirit...
Pole-toppling at the sports festival?
Yep. If we beat the A Class, they'll turn a blind eye.
Bah. They're clearly lookin' to embarrass us.
So what do we do? If we say no, Isogai'll be penalized again.
Worst case, he might even be expelled.
No. You don't have to do this.
You never know what Asano has up his sleeve.
And besides, I got myself into this. I'll take full responsibility for the consequences.
Expel me for all I care!
I can still pull off an assassination off school grounds!
Wh-What a...
What a horrible idea!
Huh?!
Quit acting so self-satisfied, you bed-haired bum!
"Bed-haired bum"?!
Don't overthink this, Isogai.
We just have to beat those nerds at pole-toppling, right?
We've got this in the bag!
We sure do.
We're practically lucky you got caught working!
This is our chance to pay 'em back for all their daily spite!
Topple 'em. Hell, we'll destroy 'em!
Right, man among men?
You guys...
Okay, let's do it!
Yeah!
This is his M.O.:
putting the harmony of the class above his own needs.
It all amounts to personal magnetism,
the most essential attribute of a leader.
Now, perhaps a fellow man among men could lend a hand!
Pole-toppling, eh?
We did that plenty of times at Defense Academy.
That's no assassination—it's war.
The difference in team size can be a huge handicap.
They're well-trained, but can they beat a team nearly twice as big?
Entrance Entrance
Wow! Awesome, Kimura-kun!
Now, give me an even bigger smile! That's it, Justice!
Korosensei's Weak Point #27:
Acts like a proud parent when he's not even related
Bread is for drinking.
Too cool!
Yes, assassination has improved your physical fitness,
balance, kinetic vision, and sense of distance.
This competition provides a special opportunity to showcase all of it.
That's harassment!
Huh?
Look how fast that runt's crawling through the net!
Her body's got no air resistance!
Each student's individuality will be their weapon.
It's up to you how best to use that in pole-toppling, Isogai-kun.
What is it?
Korosensei, no matter what anyone says,
Asano is one amazing guy.
Pole-Toppling Strategy Book
I'm definitely no match for him.
It's true that no matter how talented you are,
once you're out in the world, there will always be someone better.
Like he is.
What now? If the others get hurt because of me...
The thing is...
Out in the world, there's only so much one person can do alone.
Yeah!
The power to command allies into battle:
that's where you've got Asano-kun beat.
If you ever find yourself in trouble, the others will fight alongside you.
That's your personal magnetism.
And as for me, I'm glad I got to be your teacher instead of Asano-kun's.
All right, everyone!
Let's go into this guns blazing, like always!
Yeah!
Now for an exhibition match!
m 692 489 l 739 488 739 607 694 609
Broadcast Booth m 692 489 l 739 488 739 607 694 609
Broadcast Booth
Seems the E Class has challenged the A Class to a battle!
Okay, Kunugigaoka's elite... give 'em hell!
Foreigners?
That's gotta be against the rules!
And in the spirit of cultural exchange,
this exhibition match will include all our exchange students!
That Asano jerk's being way too careful.
Does he want to win this badly?
This is gonna be good.
What will the E Class do now?
If the E Class wants to win with so few members,
they'll have to abandon defense and attack—
at which point our ironclad defense will surround and crush them.
m 82 82 l 418 82 418 218 82 218
Initial A Class Formation Defend & Destroy
Hey... Does the End Class even want to win?
No one's on offense!
What's with the E Class? They're going all-in on defense!
m 46 134 l 387 134 387 266 46 266
Initial E Class Formation Absolute Defense Form
Might they be cowed by the power gap?
Let the battle begin!
Bring it on, Asano!
Trying to lure us out, eh? You underestimate us.
Offense team, Plan F!
Roger!
A Class Base A Class Base A Class Base A Class Base
A Class Base A Class Base A Class Base
We're not trying to bring down the pole.
A Class Base
No, we mean to crush you—once and for all.
E Class Base E Class Base E Class Base E Class Base
E Class Base Whoa! Here they come!
Dammit!
We're not just gonna roll over and take this!
Two down!
They've been flung out to the stands!
Th-This isn't good, Korosensei!
A tight defense is useless if they just get picked off one by one!
Why don't you fight instead of defending like a bunch of turtles?
But you don't even understand me, do you?
It's all right, man.
Why don't you attack instead of chatting away?
Bring it on!
All right, everyone! Now!
Operation: Tentacles!
E Class Formation Tentacle Tangle Pin 'em down!
The E Class comes together with the weight of the pole!
Now this is intense! They're playing dirty!
Ain't no rule against usin' the pole as a weapon!
Get off of me!
You're not goin' anywhere!
A splendid defense.
But you've got seven men strictly on defense, and two are out for the count.
This simply confers us even more of an advantage.
Guerilla teams on both flanks.
Plan K!
There's a gap right in the middle.
If we're going to attack, it has to be now, while their forces are scattered!
Come on out!
Attack team! Operation: Mucus!
Got it!
E Class Base E Class Base E Class Base E Class Base
E Class Base E Class Base Got 'em.
Oh! They've chased after the E Class and are back on the defensive!
An offensive fake-out?!
It's like a chess problem.
Even though they've made their defensive line airtight,
E Class Base A Class Base
A Class: Plan K Feint → Pincer Attack E Class Base
A Class Base A Class: Plan K Feint → Pincer Attack
A Class: Plan K Feint → Pincer Attack
the tide of battle is turning against them.
Assassination Classroom Second Season Akabane Karma
What should we do?
The Defense Ministry would rather no one get injured.
It's all right. I gave him some tips through our social studies work.
When it comes to examples of defeating a group twice your size,
I'm rather fond of Hannibal of Carthage.
Oh, the scourge of ancient Rome.
He sent his troops where there were no roads,
popping up in places where his foe was unprepared.
He thought up defenses and used secret weapons.
Put a touch of the unconventional in all of your strategies.
They can carry out whatever clever schemes you put together.
Ooh! Those E Class losers are totally surrounded!
It's clobberin' time!
H-Hey, wait! Ack!
Why're they all headed this way?!
m 906 54 l 1202 54 1202 205 906 205
E Class Formation Mucus Hell
The E Class has begun fleeing to the stands!
The whole place is in a panic!
There are no rules about boundaries.
Come on.
The whole school is a battlefield.
What are you doing? Quick, stop them!
One thing you always have to watch out for in pole-toppling
is your opponents clinging to the top, even if it's just a handful of them.
And if anyone can do that...
Akabane!
Kimura!
And Isogai! Keep an eye on those three in particular!
Isogai Yuuma... If the E Class loses here,
3-E Isogai Yuuma Notice of Expulsion 3-E Isogai Yuuma
Notice of Expulsion 3-E Isogai Yuuma
Notice of Expulsion
I'll report your infraction and you'll be out in the cold.
Don't like it? Then you'll have to command everyone to attack.
3-E Isogai Yuuma Notice of Expulsion 3-E Isogai Yuuma
Notice of Expulsion
Either you fall alone, or you drag them all down with you.
The choice is yours, E Class leader.
Isogai!
It's about time!
Yep! So far, all according to plan!
What?! Where did those two E Class goons come from?
We practiced taking blows till we were blue in the face.
The only hard part was arranging that staged flight to the stands!
Are these the ones that were thrown into the stands at the beginning?!
We're done running! Okay, team: Supersonic Rush!
All right!
I get it.
While we were all focused on the scuffle, E Class Base
A Class Base E Class Base A Class Base E Class Base
A Class Base E Class Base E Class Base A Class Base
A Class Base A Class Base E Class Base A Class Base
E Class Base E Class Base E Class Base E Class Base
E Class Base E Class Base E Class Base A Class Base
E Class Base A Class Base E Class Base A Class Base
E Class Base A Class Base E Class Base E Class Base
the two who faked injuries to leave the field formed another unit and sneaked in from outside!
E Class Base E Class Base E Class Base A Class Base
E Class Base E Class Base A Class Base E Class Base
E Class Base A Class Base A Class Base A Class Base
E Class Base A Class Base E Class Base A Class Base
A Class Base A Class Base E Class Base A Class Base
E Class Base A Class Base E Class Base E Class Base
E Class Base E Class Base A Class Base A Class Base
A Class Base A Class Base E Class Base A Class Base
E Class Base A Class Base E Class Base A Class Base
E Class Base A Class Base A Class Base E Class Base
E Class Base E Class Base A Class Base A Class Base
A Class Base A Class Base E Class Base
Then they used that disturbance to rush the A Class base!
A Class Base E Class Base A Class Base E Class Base
E Class Base A Class Base A Class Base E Class Base
A Class Base E Class Base E Class Base A Class Base
A Class Base E Class Base A Class Base E Class Base
A Class Base A Class Base E Class Base A Class Base
E Class Base A Class Base E Class Base A Class Base
A Class Base So that's their game!
Indeed, that's our game!
m 928 78 l 1197 78 1197 213 928 213
E Class Formation Supersonic Rush
Ack! The E Class got right up in their faces!
Take that, Asano!
There might be fewer of us, but as long as we can get up here...
Does he know martial arts too?!
You and I presently stand upon the same stage.
Surely you're ready to be kicked off.
That last-boss vibe...
That's the principal's son for you!
Uh-oh. They're closing in.
At this rate, they'll be surrounded and beaten to a pulp!
Asano-kun is a strong leader who can singlehandedly decide the tide of battle.
As long as they follow his command, the A Class can't lose.
Isogai-kun, you probably can't be that kind of leader.
And that's because...
you don't have to make all the decisions yourself!
What?!
Unbelievable! We're seeing more E Class reinforcements!
Wait a second! Isn't that their defensive unit?
Which means...
The E Class only has two men on defense?!
How are they keeping them down?
Leverage.
Lev... Leverage, is it?
They seem perfectly happy with that answer.
It's a stall, of course.
We two can't really hold them all.
But you guys can't do anything without orders, can you?
Maybe he still has an ace up his sleeve.
I guess it's better to wait for his orders
before you make any moves.
Damn four-eyes!
Asano! Your orders!
I can't give any!
Now the A Class has assumed a defensive posture too!
If they can hold out here, the E Class will be out of options!
Now!
Come on, Itona!
Yep.
A secret weapon should always be saved for the last minute.
We're losing?
Uh... er... the A Class... The E Class... wins!
How awesome is that? My kids are the coolest! Look this way, please!
You did it, Isogai!
Anyone can see that, by some miracle, the E Team won a battle stacked heavily against them.
In other words, you were defeated utterly.
lsogai-kun used your strategy against you and ensured victory with a hidden secret weapon.
You had already lost at the intelligence-gathering stage.
You're not fit to be a leader.
Chief Director, Chief Director,
your son is extremely capable.
Stop it, Kevin!
As a father, you should tell him
that there's a lot he can learn from losing.
I see... I see...
Your little opinion is quite moving, Kevin.
Could you help me learn as well?
If I were to lose, If I were to lose,
I might be able to learn from that loss.
All four at once... All four at once...
please.
Isogai-senpai!
You were so awesome!
Hey, thanks!
Just don't try that at home.
Ohmigosh!
Damn that man-among-men!
It's like the whole mood's changed around here.
Especially with how the lower grades see the E Class now.
Well, sure, with our little team's huge upset!
You know...
we might even be more amazing than Asano and his gang!
Sorry... I'm sorry... I apologize...
I took down a karate black belt
on my third day of karate lessons.
The first day, I was beaten completely.
Already in my thirties, I fell over, vomiting.
I had never tasted such defeat.
Now, what do you think I did on day two?
I watched, burning with the flames of extraordinary humiliation.
If I lost my next match, too...
I'd probably lose my grip on myself and die of madness.
And on day three... I took down my teacher without him landing a single blow.
That is learning from defeat.
Say, Asano-kun...
You just lost, so why isn't the frustration eating you alive?
You monster!
Hey, check it out...
Oh... It's Asano-kun.
Hey, Asano!
You meant it, right? About keeping that secret?
I never lie.
I don't resort to underhanded tactics, unlike you.
But next time will be different.
I'll send you all into oblivion.
Heh. Sore loser.
Did the loser say something? Can't hear you!
Don't sweat it. He could never understand your struggle.
No, it's not like I've gone through any more than he has.
Today, with all of you helping me out,
I was actually glad to be poor.
Shake it off, Asano-kun. Let's go tie this up with a fancy dinner.
He may not be as showy as Asano-kun,
but Isogai-kun's not in front or on top—
he's beside you before you know it.
Whoa! Leftovers from the bread-eating contest!
The president of Class 3-E
Think I could have these? Huh?
is a cool, manly assassin and a born leader.
I know! I'll make goldfish sandwiches!
The moon that floats in the night sky
yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte yozora ni oyogu tsuki datte
If you stretch out your hand, you can reach it
te wo nobaseba todoku no te wo nobaseba todoku no
I went to touch it: it was warm
sotto furete mita atatakakute And slowly drew me in
And slowly drew me in jinwari suikomareta
jinwari suikomareta
The multiplying footprints, the view from my window
fueteku ashiato mado kara miru keshiki mo
As I drifted along, expressionless
muhyoujou ni nagare nagara muhyoujou ni nagare nagara
They spilled out of my hands ryoute kara koborete yuku
ryoute kara koborete yuku
It was rocking, swaying... I never knew
yurayura yureteta shirazu ni ita
Until I touched it with my own hands
kono te de furete miru made kono te de furete miru made
I want to gather up and go through all of the things
kaketa tsuki no shita chirabatta mono
Scattered beneath the waning moon
hiroiatsumete tashikametai sono subete wo